/frontend-design We need top finetune the website at @context/website/.                                      
1) The content is more or less correct and what we want - however, it is unclear and hard to follow in some places. We need to finetune the content to make it flow better. In particular we need to reduce redundancy. This is a user focused website meant to inform a user on how to use packdb. It should be declaritive (in that it tells the user "ok if you do this, then this will happen"). I was thinking in the dopcumentation we should have more clear seperation of the decide, such that, and objective clauses and detail what you can do in each clause.                                                                               2) we need to make the UI more professional and premium feeling. The overall design language is fine but the colors look misplaced and unfinished in some places (particularly the coloured boxes with highlighted content) Also it needs to look more consistent across the pages. Theres sometimes too many boxy visual elements. We need to make it more sleek and modern.


Plan out How we can make these changes and present it to me. There are 2 phases. The first is a content refinement and the second is a UI/UX refinement. Once you present me with the plan I will review it and give you feedback. Note that the website does not specify some featuyres like when and per. this is because its for an older release and this is fine. when and and per and other to do expressivity items are not implemented yet and this is fine.